How did that happen?
Ah, it's okay to pretend
Oh, you are such a fool.
Why are you so naive?
What do you mean?
Do you remember when the chicks targeted you?
What did he say?
Ah!
He said, "Hello?"
I don't want to go back and see you
Who do you think is the last person to see you go back?
Are you suspecting big brother?
He was so nice to me.
You are still too naive
Do you remember the goal of the insurgent army?
Breaking down inequality
Put the fat and thin
The beautiful and the ugly live a happy life
Your dreams are very good
But along the way
Didn't you find anything?
You said that, but I remember
I don't seem to have seen the second brother's person, right?
There we go.
What about this great commander?
Despite the talk of pursuing equality
But in fact
Eat and drink spicy food by yourself
And there are brothers in the camp eating bark
That's impossible.
This uprising army?
It was founded by the eldest brother
No way
If I'm not mistaken
Your second brother is already dead
You are also in danger now
After all, in a rebel army
Only one person needs to have a say
Ouch, I think you were frightened by temptation.
Everyone looks like a bad guy
You can rest here. I'm leaving